[IMP] misc: email add new alias sys parameter (#7750)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/email_communication/email_servers.rst

Scope of this documentation
===========================

> This document is **mainly dedicated to Odoo on-premise databases** who do not benefit from an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is **mainly dedicated to Odoo on-premise databases** that do not benefit from an
```

Then, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Parameters --> System Parameters` to
customize the aliases (`mail.catchall.alias` & `mail.bounce.alias`). These types of changes should
be completed prior to the database going live. If a customer replies after a change is made then the

> system will not recognize the old alias and the reply will not be received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system will not recognize the old alias, and the reply will not be received.
```

By default, inbound messages are fetched every 5 minutes for on-premise databases.

.. note::
   This value can be changed in :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`. Go to
   :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Automation --> Scheduled Actions` and look for
   :guilabel:`Mail: Fetchmail Service`.

Allow alias domain system parameter
-----------------------------------

Incoming aliases are set in the Odoo database to create records by receiving incoming emails. To
view aliases set in the Odoo database, first activate the :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`.
Then, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Email --> Aliases`.

The following system parameter, `mail.catchall.domain.allowed`, set with allowed alias domain

> values, separated by commas, will filter out correctly addressed emails to aliases. Setting the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
values, separated by commas, filters out correctly addressed emails to aliases. Setting the
```

> values, separated by commas, will filter out correctly addressed emails to aliases. By setting the
> domain(s) for which the alias is allowed to create a ticket/lead opportunity/etc, this eliminates
> false positives where email addresses with only the prefix alias (and not the domain) is present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values, separated by commas, will filter out correctly addressed emails to aliases. Setting the
domain(s) for which the alias can create a ticket, lead, opportunity, etc., eliminates false positives where email addresses with only the prefix alias (not the domain) are present.
```

> In some instances matches have been made in the Odoo database when an email is received with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some instances, matches have been made in the Odoo database when an email is received with the
```

same alias prefix and a different domain on the incoming email address. This is true in the sender,
recipient, and :abbr:`CC (Carbon Copy)` email addresses of an incoming email.

.. example::

>    For example, when Odoo receives emails that have the name `commercial` prefix alias in the
>    sender, recipient, or :abbr:`CC (Carbon Copy)` email address(es) (commercial@gmail.com,
>    commercial@odoo.net), the database will falsely treat the email as the full `commercial` alias
>    (with a different domain) and therefore create a ticket/lead/opportunity/etc..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   When Odoo receives emails that have the name `commercial` prefix alias in the sender, recipient,
   or :abbr:`CC (Carbon Copy)` email address(es) (e.g. commercial@gmail.com, commercial@odoo.net),
   the database falsely treats the email as the full `commercial` alias (with a different domain),
   and therefore, creates a ticket/lead/opportunity/etc..
```

> To add the `mail.catchall.domain.allowed` system parameter, first activate the :ref:`developer mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add the `mail.catchall.domain.allowed` system parameter, first, activate the :ref:`developer mode
```

<developer-mode>`. Then, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Parameters --> System
Parameters`. Click, :guilabel:`Create` / :guilabel:`New`. Then type in
`mail.catchall.domain.allowed` for the :guilabel:`Key` field. Next, for the :guilabel:`Value` field,

> add the domain(s) separated by comma(s) (if plural domains). Manually :guilabel:`Save` and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add the domain(s) separated by comma(s) (if plural domains). Manually :guilabel:`Save`, and the
```

> <developer-mode>`. Then, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Parameters --> System
> Parameters`. Click, :guilabel:`Create` / :guilabel:`New`. Then type in
> `mail.catchall.domain.allowed` for the :guilabel:`Key` field. Next, for the :guilabel:`Value` field,
> add the domain(s) separated by comma(s) (if plural domains). Manually :guilabel:`Save`, and the
> system parameter takes immediate effect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<developer-mode>`. Then, go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical --> Parameters section -->
System Parameters`. Click :guilabel:`Create`. Then, type in `mail.catchall.domain.allowed` for the
:guilabel:`Key` field.

Next, for the :guilabel:`Value` field, add the domain(s) separated by comma(s) (if plural domains).
Manually :guilabel:`Save`, and the system parameter takes immediate effect.
```

   :guilabel:`Mail: Fetchmail Service`.

Allow alias domain system parameter
-----------------------------------

Incoming aliases are set in the Odoo database to create records by receiving incoming emails. To
view aliases set in the Odoo database, first activate the :ref:`developer mode <developer-mode>`.
Then, go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical --> Email section --> Aliases`.

The following system parameter, `mail.catchall.domain.allowed`, set with allowed alias domain
values, separated by commas, filters out correctly addressed emails to aliases. Setting the
domain(s) for which the alias can create a ticket, lead, opportunity, etc., eliminates false
positives where email addresses with only the prefix alias (not the domain) are present.

In some instances, matches have been made in the Odoo database when an email is received with the
same alias prefix and a different domain on the incoming email address. This is true in the sender,
recipient, and :abbr:`CC (Carbon Copy)` email addresses of an incoming email.

.. example::
   When Odoo receives emails that have the name `commercial` prefix alias in the sender, recipient,

>    or :abbr:`CC (Carbon Copy)` email address(es) (e.g. commercial@gmail.com, commercial@odoo.net),
>    the database falsely treats the email as the full `commercial` alias (with a different domain),
>    and therefore, creates a ticket/lead/opportunity/etc..

Reviewer 3: Lets add literal formatting to these email addresses to be consistent with the rest of this documentation :)
```suggestion
   or :abbr:`CC (Carbon Copy)` email address(es) (e.g. `commercial\@gmail.com`,
   `commercial\@odoo.net`), the database falsely treats the email as the full `commercial` alias
   (with a different domain), and therefore, creates a ticket/lead/opportunity/etc..
```

Reviewer 4: Agree with Sam's comment.

Also on line 295: either add another period to form a complete ellipses OR remove the second period to end the sentence

```suggestion
   (with a different domain), and therefore, creates a ticket/lead/opportunity/etc...
```
